-11/08/2023 11:18pm
I am writing this document as a way to document my process and put my thoughts and decisions in writing. 
So currently I am done with the user login api and still need to write the readme and write testing for 
everything so far. I'm about 50/50 on if most professionals write tests for their own code but, given my 
experience it just would feel right not writing any tests. I've also taken the liberty of creating a to do 
list. On it I've got everything I need to finish the user api along with other features I'd like to add.
Currently I'm planning on implementing a to do list feature, Weather api integration, User MFA authentication, 
and File storage. I haven't detailed this yet but I'm making the rest platform as both a demonstration and 
evolution of my skills as a back end developer. I'm also having trouble figuring out how to produce a live 
demo of the project to show off to recruiters and friends for an easy quick look at what the project can do.
Before I wrap up here I'd like to talk about what decisions I've made so far making this project. 
So originally I wanted to make Content hub, a place to centralize your media consumption with customizable 
feeds and other features. While I still believe the idea is sound that project would end up lacking in skills 
I'd like to show off or learn. The current project while less appealing to the average person is much more 
flexible with whatever I want to show off or learn. This project has been worked on infrequently up until now 
and its design was originally flawed in that I tried to make the api routes generic so that they could handle 
any item passed through them. This ended up not working out well as the types of their output wasnt compatable 
with what I needed to be so I changed them to just be for the user api. So I just realized that I don't have a 
Get user route just a login user route. I am going to implement this now before going to bed but I feel returning 
the password even encrypted is a security issue so I wont do that. It might be worth debating if all 
functions should do the same.

-11/9/2023 12:53
Testing has been scrapped for now as idealy don't want to hit the database during testing. I'm going to see if a 
quick workaround is possible if not then testing will be shelved for now. 

-11/13/2023 
It seems mocking the database is the option I would go with when I get back to testing. Also I want to decouple the NewMongoDB 
function into its own package to prepare for the to do list implementation.